[ADD] eCommerce: eWallet and gift card page (#3057)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/checkout_payment_shipping/ewallet_giftcard.rst

======================
eWallet and gift cards
======================

You can enable **eWallets** and **gift cards** for your customers on your eCommerce, which they can

> use to for their online and in-store shopping. To allow eWallets and gift cards for your eCommerce,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use for their online and in-store shopping. To allow eWallets and gift cards for your eCommerce,
```

Reviewer: not resolved from my side.

head to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce` and in the :guilabel:`Shop - Products` category,

> enable :guilabel:`Discounts, Loyalty & Gift Card`.

Reviewer: I don't see the "shop-products" category 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85342080/204994193-8c2eb418-f2e6-4d38-8b88-1b2893b0cd72.png)

Author: My bad, it was the wrong menu :)

eWallet
=======

eWallet allows customers to save their credits on their online account and use these credits as a

> payment method when buying items on your online store. As multiple redeems for the same order are

Reviewer: Not sure to understand what you mean by "As multiple redeems for the same order are not possible in Odoo". 
And do we want to highlight what is not possible to do in Odoo? Should we just focus on what we can do?

Author: I meant multiple gift card redeems (added for clarity), and I think it should be documented as (IMO) it is a feature that could be expected by customers

not possible in Odoo, eWallets can also be used by customers to centralize multiple :ref:`gift cards

> <ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` and accumulate the credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` and accumulate credits.
```

> Before creating an eWallet program, it is necessary to first create an eWallet **top-up** product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating an eWallet program, it is necessary to create an eWallet **top-up** product.
```

Reviewer: "first" not necessary as the sentence starts with "before"

Reviewer: What is a top-up product? what is it used for?

To do so, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Products` and :guilabel:`Create` a new
product. On the product template, configure the product as such:

- :guilabel:`Can be sold`: enabled;
- :guilabel:`Product Type`: set as :guilabel:`Service`;
- :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy`: set as :guilabel:`Prepaid/Fixed Price`;
- :guilabel:`Create on Order`: select :guilabel:`Nothing`;
- :guilabel:`Sales Price`: type in the **amount** of the top-up.

.. note::
   If you wish to have eWallet **top-ups** of different amounts, repeat the process and modify the
   :guilabel:`Sales Price` accordingly.

Once the **top-up** is created, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Gift Cards &
eWallet` to :guilabel:`Create` an eWallet **program**. The following configuration options are
available:

- :guilabel:`Program Name`: enter the name you want;
- :guilabel:`Program Type`: select :guilabel:`eWallet`;

> - :guilabel:`eWallet Products`: select the eWallet **top-up(s)** created earlier;

Reviewer: I don't see this field (see screenshot of what I see below)

Author: Marking this as 'resolved' since it is the one I showed you on your screen directly

- :guilabel:`Email template`: the email template used for the email sent to the customer, you can
  create a template by clicking the field and selecting :guilabel:`Search more`;
- :guilabel:`Currency`: select the currency you wish to use for that eWallet program;
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company in which the program is valid and available;
- :guilabel:`Available On`: the different stores where the program is valid and available;
- :guilabel:`Website`: the website on which the program is valid and available, leave empty for all;
- :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is valid and
  available, leave empty for all.

> .. image:: ewallet_gift/ewallet-configuration.png

Reviewer: I don't have the same image 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85342080/204999185-085854e0-26cf-4340-8680-870f4d65bf04.png)

   :align: center
   :alt: eWallet configuration

> The :guilabel:`EWallets` smart tab in the upper-right corner shows you the number of existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`eWallets` smart tab in the upper-right corner shows you the number of existing
```

eWallets. Click on it to access more details about each existing eWallet.

Checkout
--------

On the checkout page, customers have the option to pay with their **eWallet** in the
:guilabel:`Order Total` column, and the amount will be deducted from their **eWallet**.

.. image:: ewallet_gift/ewallet-checkout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: eWallet checkout option

Gift cards
==========

.. _ewallet_gift/gift-cards:

> You can generate **gift cards** which can be bought by your customers and in turn used as **payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate **gift cards** that can be bought by your customers and in turn used as **payment
```

Reviewer: not resolved from my side, I don't see the comma

> methods** upon checkout. Before creating a new gift card program, it is necessary to first create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods** upon checkout. Before creating a new gift card program, it is necessary first to create
```

Reviewer: not resolved from my side.

gift cards as a **product**. To do so, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Products`
and :guilabel:`Create` a gift card **product**. The following configuration options are available:

- :guilabel:`Can be Sold`: enabled;
- :guilabel:`Product Type`: set as :guilabel:`Service`;
- :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy`: set as :guilabel:`Prepaid/Fixed Price`;
- :guilabel:`Create on Order`: select :guilabel:`Nothing`;
- :guilabel:`Sales Price`: type in the **value** of the gift card.

.. note::
   If you wish to have **gift cards** of different values, repeat the process and modify the
   :guilabel:`Sales Price` accordingly.

Once the gift card **product** is created, go to :menuselection:`Website app --> eCommerce --> Gift

> cards & eWallet` to :guilabel:`Create` a gift cards **program**. The following configuration options

Reviewer: nitpicking: not sure "program" should be in bold.

- :guilabel:`Program Type`: select :guilabel:`Gift Card`;
- :guilabel:`Gift Cards Products`: select the gift card **product(s)** created earlier;
- :guilabel:`Email template`: select the default :guilabel:`Gift Card: Gift Card Information`
  template, or create your own by clicking the field and :guilabel:`Search More`;
- :guilabel:`Print Report`: select :guilabel:`Gift Card`;
- :guilabel:`Currency`: select the currency you wish to use for that gift card program;
- :guilabel:`Company`: the company in which the program is valid and available;
- :guilabel:`Available On`: the different stores where the program is valid and available;
- :guilabel:`Website`: the website on which the program is valid and available, leave empty for all;
- :guilabel:`Point of Sale`: :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` in which the program is valid and
  available, leave empty for all.

.. image:: ewallet_gift/giftcard-config.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Gift card configuration

The :guilabel:`Gift Cards` smart tab in the upper-right corner shows you the number of existing
gift cards. Click on it to access more details about each existing gift card.

Checkout
--------

> On the checkout page, customers have the option to pay with their **gift card** in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When finalising their purchases, on the checkout page, customers have the option to pay with their **gift card** in the
```

Author: Good suggestion, no need for the comma though (so I'm leaving it out)

Reviewer: not resolved from my side

:guilabel:`Order Total` column by clicking :guilabel:`Discount code or gift card`. In the pop-up
field, the customer can enter their gift card **code** and click :guilabel:`Apply` to pay.

.. image:: ewallet_gift/giftcard-code.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Gift card code type-in field

.. note::

>    Multiple gift card redeems for the same order are not possible in Odoo, however eWallets can be
>    used by the customer to centralize multiple gift cards and accumulate the credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Multiple gift card redeems for the same order are not possible in Odoo; however, customers can use eWallets to centralize multiple gift cards and accumulate the credits.
```

Author: Good suggestion

Reviewer: not resolved from my side
